Patch 54: Document nightly documentation updates (#10077)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/download.rst

Besides being included when downloading the software, the documentation is
also available independently as a `PDF file <gdal.pdf>`_,

> and `a .ZIP of individual HTML pages <https://github.com/OSGeo/gdal-docs/archive/refs/heads/master.zip>`_ for offline browsing. (The .ZIP also includes that .PDF.) Updated nightly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `a .ZIP of individual HTML pages <https://github.com/OSGeo/gdal-docs/archive/refs/heads/master.zip>`_ for offline browsing. (The .ZIP also includes that .PDF.) The documentation reflects the latest state of the development branch of the software.
```
